from the beginning of the conflict US
President Joe Biden has been consistent
often repeating Israel's justifications
for its Siege and bombardment of Gaza I
never really thought that I would see
and have
confirmed pictures of
terrorists beheading children a damning
statement from a US president except his
AIDS later said it wasn't true he didn't
see anything just repeated what he had
heard in the media
when the Al Ali hospital was shelled
within hours he blamed quote the other
team and he made sure to send a message
of support in
person inde Deeds sending two aircraft
carrier groups to the region and with
assets sending missiles ammunition and
reportedly 100 bunker Buster bombs to
Israel along with the pledge of more
than $4 billion in additional assistance
about 3 weeks into the war Biden was
asked about the growing Palestinian
death toll I'm sure Innocents have been
killed and it's the price of waging a
war but I have no confidence in the
number that the Palestinians are using
he has called for restraint but not
condemned the lack of it by Israel's
military asked for additional
humanitarian Aid not demanded it Biden
heralded his role in getting a temporary
ceasefire but as the fighting began
again he reportedly told Netanyahu the
military should not fight in the South
with the same intensity they had in the
north it appears they did anyway no
public response from the US
president tens of thousands of people in
the US have held countless Pro
Palestinian marches demanding he do more
and pledging they will never vote for
Biden again it's going to be a hard no
for me it's going to be a hard no yeah
not to say I'll vote for the other party
either but um I'm going to have to see
if there's an independent candidate that
I can get behind and it's showing up in
the polls as the American Media keeps
pointing out he is 50 points underwater
with the youngest group of Voters
political analysts say this could cost
him as he seeks reelection his support
has decreased now to
177% of the arab-american electorate so
he's already losing a huge support among
a key population especially when we're
looking at a swing state like Michigan
where um Arab Americans and Muslim
Americans make up a large percentage of
the electorate B bid you're a liar with
just under a year until the election
Biden's team is likely hoping many will
forget or vote for Biden because they
dislike his opponent more in a close
election that could be a costly
calculation Patty khane Al jazer
Washington make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jaer